This step is called tokenization, and there are neural networks that
are trained to split long text into individual
tokens. And a token is essentially about 3 fourths of a
word. So if it's a shorter word like hi, or that, or
there, it's probably just one token. But if you have a longer
word like summarization, it's going to be split into multiple
pieces. And the way that tokenization happens is actually different for every
model. Some of them separate prefixes and suffixes. Let's look at an
example. What is the tallest building? So what is
the tallest building are all separate
tokens. And so that separates the suffix off of tallest, but
not building because it is taking the context into account. And this
step is done so models can understand each word individually. Just
like humans, we understand each word individually and as
groupings of words.